---
layout: post
title: raDial Timer released!
category: iOS
---
<p>I have decided to release <a href="http://appstore.com/radialtimer" title="raDial Timer">raDial Timer</a> a week early! The official release date is September 12, but with the announced date of Apple&#8217;s iOS 7 reveal, and some other factors, the release date got bumped up. Call it a secret release date. Ultimate success strategy.</p>
<p>As far as these other circumstances, some of you may know that my wife and I are having a baby! Due December 4, we couldn&#8217;t be more excited. This is something we have wanted for a long time, and the last few months have been a whirlwind of moving to a condo with more room and getting everything ready for a new person in our lives. One area of this whole adventure that I am slightly stressing about is budget. Both my wife and I work at a grocery store. We do ok, and make enough to live in the Bay Area (a challenge on it&#8217;s own), but adding another person to that budget will definitely add a strain. Adding my desire to make enough on my own to support my family so my wife can stay home and take care of Nathan (oh yeah, it&#8217;s a boy!) seems like an impossible task. We recently found out that she may have to leave work two months earlier than expected, which has really pushed me to find another source of income.</p>
<p>I have always made software as a hobby. Something fun to challenge my brain and be creative. I would <strong>love</strong> to be able to do this full time and make enough money to live on. Even if it was just a side project while I kept my day job, I really feel this is the time when basement/living room coders can put something out there and make a little extra cash.</p>
<p>So, to get to the point, check out my new app (<a href="http://appstore.com/radialtimer">http://appstore.com/radialtimer</a>), buy it if you think you could get some use out of it, and tell a friend. I really believe I have made something that could be used as a great desktop timer that is easy to use and looks beautiful. <a href="http://imgur.com/a/TQLYx">Check out the gallery</a> to get an idea of how you can use this app in your life. If you want to check it out, but don&#8217;t want to buy it, hit me up on <a href="http://twitter.com/jonathanhirz">twitter</a>, tell me what you would do with this app, and I will give you a promo code. All I ask is that you tell someone about my app if you like it. Write a review, tweet about it with <a href="https://twitter.com/search?q=%23raDialTimer&amp;src=hash">#raDialTimer</a>, or just tell a friend. Help me get the word out and start this dream of independent software development.</p>
<p><strong>Thank you</strong></p>
