---
layout: post
title: We live in pretty amazing times
category: blog
---
<p>If you want to learn something, you more than likely have the resources to do so on your own. The internet has given us all the power to share knowledge that used to be confined or hard to access. More often than not, you can find this information for free, and go at your own pace to better yourself. I find this pretty amazing.</p>
<p>The tools we have available today are also amazing. If you aren&#8217;t familiar, <a href="http://unity3d.com" title="Unity">Unity</a> is a set of tools that make game making easy. All of the basic framework for creating objects and making them do stuff is built in, leaving you to be creative and tell them what to do. Surprisingly, Unity is built to be very versatile and can produce a wide variety of games that don&#8217;t feel &#8220;cookie-cutter&#8221;. It&#8217;s also free (at a certain level) which is just completely mind boggling to me.</p>
<p>I have been searching around for online tutorials for Unity in the last few weeks, and have found more than I could write about here. Two that I will mention are <a href="http://www.unity3dstudent.com" title="Unity3dStudent">Unity3dStudent</a>, which is great for getting acquainted with interface and the basics. <a href="http://walkerboystudio.com/html/unity_course_syllabus.html" title="Walker Boys Studio">Walker Boys Studio</a> has an AMAZING, in depth and very long tutorial series that covers all aspects of learning the interface and putting a game together. For free. They&#8217;ll even send you a certificate when you&#8217;re done to show that you passed the course. Seriously, how do they do all that?</p>
<p>I have gone through the basics and the first game tutorial, and put up my <em>final</em> result <a href="http://jonathanhirz.com/UnityWBProject1/" title="ClickGame">right over here</a>. I say <em>final</em> because I have some ideas that I could add to it, and may do so for practice, but it isn&#8217;t high on my priority list.</p>
