---
layout: post
title: Lost, then saved
category: iOS
---
<p>As a &#8220;developer&#8221;, I immediately jump at the chance to try new software. I installed iOS 7 the day it was released just to get a taste of the new fresh os. Overall, I am extremely happy with it. There are things that irk me, but nothing that would stop me from using it. <strong>Except</strong> for the bugs. I don&#8217;t have a spare device to play around with beta software, so I install on my one and only iPhone 5. Today, I got fed up with the constant crashing and glitches and decided to revert back to iOS 6. Good ol&#8217; quick and sturdy iOS 6. <strong>:)</strong></p>
<p>What I thought would be an easy process turned into a roller coaster when I realized that iCloud only had 2 recent backups, both of which required iOS 7. I know I made a backup before upgrading, but it must have been overwritten. And since I never back up to iTunes (hint: backup to iTunes!) I figured I was SOL and headed back to bug land. But then I realized, I still have some things in <strong>iCloud</strong>, let&#8217;s see what&#8217;s there. Turns out, it was basically everything! Contacts, data, Calendar, notes, Photo Stream (not my full camera roll, but everything has been backed up through iPhoto), even my music which is in iTunes March. It was all there. I had to reinstall my apps, and re-sign in to a few services, but this was almost a good thing because it gave me a chance to clear some clutter. I&#8217;m stunned how fast I got my phone back up and running without a full backup. <strong>Good work </strong></p>
