---
layout: post
title: Why I'm Indie
category: blog
---

I feel like in the last few years of the indie revolution, most developers who are succeeding are ones who left their day job as a programmer, either in games or other fields, and start making and selling their own projects. I found my way here on a different route. I never went to school for Computer Science, my degree is in Aquatic Biology. When I was young and deciding what I wanted to be when I grew up (still haven't), I reasoned that I shouldn't go to school for computers because I loved them as a hobby, and didn't want to ruin that feeling by making it my job. How ass backwards is that!? I was conditioned that your job is the thing you hate that you have to do so you can have fun in your free time. I never imagined loving my job and getting paid for it.

I decided to try and make money with games because I dream of the day I can work for myself and sell things that I have made to people who enjoy them. It really boils down to that feeling of saying "I made this, have fun". I am chasing that dream and couldn't be doing it at a better time. *Indie developers* are kings right now, and while I don't necessarily want fame and fortune, I would love to be able to make enough money to provide for my family while doing what I love. I also, in a way, have to take this route if I want to work in games. Since I don't have any skills on paper, I need to prove myself if I ever want to get a **real job** in this field. Having a resume full of games that I have made would hopefully look better than good grades on paper anyway.

Another benefit of this lifestyle that I'm chasing is that I can make the types of games that make me happy, which in my mind is the very definition of being indie. You aren’t (or shouldn’t be) trying to satisfy stock holders or boss/manager types above you. You are making games because games are fun, and being passionate about the type of game you make will produce better games. I also get to make the games that I would play, which makes it all more fun. For me, I'm not personally a fan of the recent trend in mobile games that include ads or in app purchases for currency/etc. I understand why this trend exists, and I do sometimes enjoy checking out a free game just to see how it plays, but I rarely keep them around for long, and I never spend money on them. So for me, I feel most comfortable making a game that is sold up front as a complete experience without distractions since that's the type of game I enjoy playing. This freedom is a great benefit to making your own games.

So, what's the point? Make games, have fun, and if you're lucky, make enough money to keep doing it.